Review Question 1
-----------------

IMPORTANT THIS IS WRONG!!!
1. Your client would like to know how its advertising campaign impressed customers. Which IE task would provide this data?
Ans: Event Extraction

2. Which extraction phase can turn a dictionary match of a common first name plus an adjacent regular expression into a “potential person name” entity?
Ans: Named Entity Recognition 

3. Consider a set of news articles that contains 20 mentions of person names. From this source, an extractor extracts 15 entities, 3 of which are incorrect. What are the Precision (P) and Recall (R) values?
Ans: P = 0.80, R = 0.60 

Review Question 2
-----------------

1. Which of the following poses huge demands on the IE engine?
Ans: All of the above 

IMPORTANT THIS IS WRONG!!!
2. A typical IE grammar-based workflow:
Ans: Targets the step closest to the nature of the rule applied. 

3. We can overcome IE performance limitations by:
Ans: Separating extractor semantics from execution strategy. 

Review Question 3
-----------------

1. What outputs do extractors generate in SystemT?
Ans: Annotations

IMPORTANT THIS IS WRONG!!!
2. An output refiner helps you to:
Ans: Union multiple extractors

3. By selecting the Mapping Table checkbox in the Dictionary extractor, you can:
Ans: All of the above

Review Question 4
-----------------

1. Which of the following statements describes AQL?
Ans: All of the above

2. What are the main advantages of SystemT’s approach towards Information Extraction?
Ans: D. A and B 

3. Which of the following files can be part of an AQL module?
Ans: All of the above

Review Question 5
-----------------

1. Which factor is essential for the Union All statement to work?
Ans: The schemas of the tuples should be same. 

2. Which of the following options is a valid consolidate policy?
Ans: ContainsButNotEqual

3. When is the Minus statement useful?
Ans: When you want to subtract a set of tuples from another set of tuples 


Review Question 6
-----------------

1. Which type of text can be extracted using the Detag statement?
Ans: Semi-structured text 

2. When should you use a standard tokenizer?
Ans: When token boundaries are defined by punctuation and whitespace.

3. Which best practices should you use when developing an AQL module?
Ans: All of the above


Review Question 7
-----------------

1. Which of the following leads to mistakes when two rules match the same region of text?
Ans: Rigid matching priority 

2. Which of the following strategies can overcome lossy sequencing?
Ans: Use grammar rules that operate on graphs rather than sequences of annotations. 

3. In which stage of the SystemT optimizer do you merge block plans into a single operator graph?
Ans: Post-processor 

Review Question 8
-----------------

DID NOT GET THIS RIGHT!!!
1. Why is it that the first document in a collection is often at the top of the AQL Profiler’s “hot” documents view?
Ans: NOTTT  The optimizer is trying to produce plans that are sensitive to each input document. ORR
     SystemT sorts documents by length for processing, so the first document is the longest.
     
2. Which of the following is NOT a best practice for writing AQL?
Ans: Always ignore throughput levels when designing extractors. 

NONE OF THEM ARE CORRECT!!!!
3. Why is it necessary to be selective about performance tuning?
Ans:  A. It might adversely affect code readability 
         A and B. 
